Fix PowerDistributor: exclude inverters that didn't send any data (#1014)
frequenz-floss/frequenz-sdk-python: RELEASE_NOTES.md

- Fixed a bug in `ConfigManagingActor` that was not properly comparing the event path to the config file path when the config file is a relative path.
- Re-expose `ComponentMetricId` to the docs.
- Fixed typing ambiguities when building composite formulas on streaming data.

> - Fix PowerDistributor: Distribution now excludes inverters that haven't sent any data since the application started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix PV power distribution excluding inverters that haven't sent any data since the application started.
```
